### Changes
- Updated to Complementary Shaders r5.5.1 + Euphoria Patches 1.6.5
- Improve the modified Complementary Shaders check by a lot while still maintaining the functionality of identifying Complementary even though it has been completely renamed. Now even if the shader is slightly modified it will let the user know that it will fail to patch. Previously the detection had issues and thus slightly edited Complementary versions made it past that check and errored down the line with much more difficult to understand error messages.
- Added a settings converter - this is useful if I rename a setting internally and then this feature will also rename it to the correct one for the user during the settings copying process
- Made that Euphoria Patches identifiers in the settings files (AAA_THIS_IS_A_EUPHORIA_PATCHES_SETTINGS_FILE for example) always be generated at the top now. Iris does sort them alphabetically but oculus does not making me implement this.
- Read all lines of the settings file. Previously is only read the first 10 as I assumed AAA_THIS_IS_A_EUPHORIA_PATCHES_SETTINGS_FILE would be at the top. This caused some incorrect settings copying at the update process.
- Made the runnable Euphoria Patches message window which appears when double clicking the jar no longer resizable

### Fixes
- Fixed a game crash if a user uses a shaderpack with characters usually not allowed in the name for a file path. Example would be the Minecraft Color codes `ยง4`. This is the main reason of this update. The game should never crash because of Euphoria Patches - especially not if the user uses a different shader.
- Fixed Euphoria Patches having (1) or so on in the name if the downloaded zip also has (1) in the name because the user downloaded it twice. The patched version won't have that anymore.
