### Changes

- Added guaranteed 32+ colortex support on all Iris/Oculus versions, can be more if a mod or the default changes. But always at least 32.
- Mixin into Iris/Oculus to add a new 2nd profile button to make the popular settings much more user friendly and have them not interfere with the performance profile
- Handle creation of AlternativeShaderName much better, distinguish between user deletion and new alternative names in the config, thus newly added alternative names will still be generated, unlike before where one had to delete all existing EP shaders.
- Support unicode characters in shader file name for correct Euphoria Patches detection.
- Make the data json file invisible and also read only for users
- Improved mod detection a lot
- Adjust the Popular Settings profile if Photonics is installed
- Refresh the shader GUI screen when dismissing the EP button
- Mixined into OptiFine to stop it yelling because of all the block.properties missing modded blocks.
- Inject Macros into Optifine, now we do it for Iris, Oculus and OptiFine.
- Mixined into Photonics to prevent it breaking the shader on older photonics versions.
- Added many new defines if sky mods (astrocraft, spyglass astronomy and co) are installed to get that info on the shader side for better compatibility.
- Much code cleanup


### Fixes

- Fix popular settings being broken on Mac
- Fixed fabric/neo 26.1 tooltips not rendering
- Fixed user caused potato
- Fix Screenshot to clipboard breaking with the EP mod because of a race condition with my GUI class being called at runtime which uses AWT code
- Fixed a crash on old modern forge (Forge 1.13)
- Fixed the shader settings converter being too broad, not it's stricter and should work as intended.
